Author	Quote
Agatha Christie	I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Agatha Christie	The impossible could not have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances. 
Agatha Christie	Poirot, I said. I have been thinking. An admirable exercise my friend. Continue it. 
Agatha Christie	Instinct is a marvelous thing. It can neither be explained nor ignored.
Agatha Christie	The best time for planning a book is while you're doing the dishes. 
Agatha Christie	You gave too much rein to your imagination. Imagination is a good servant, and a bad master. The simplest explanation is always the most likely.
Agatha Christie	It is really a hard life. Men will not be nice to you if you are not good-looking, and women will not be nice to you if you are.
Agatha Christie	Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it. 
Agatha Christie	The truth, however ugly in itself, is always curious and beautiful to seekers after it.
Agatha Christie	A man when he is making up to anybody can be cordial and gallant and full of little attentions and altogether charming. But when a man is really in love he can't help looking like a sheep.
Agatha Christie	It's like all those quiet people, when they do lose their tempers they lose them with a vengeance.
Agatha Christie	They tried to be too clever---and that was their undoing.
Agatha Christie	They conceive a certain theory, and everything has to fit into that theory. If one little fact will not fit it, they throw it aside. But it is always the facts that will not fit in that are significant. 
Alexander Pope	Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed. 
Alexandre Dumas	There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.
Alexandre Dumas	All human wisdom is contained in these two words - Wait and Hope
Alexandre Dumas	Never fear quarrels, but seek hazardous adventures.
